hi guys I'm training for an actor from
Boulder Colorado today I'll be showing
you my six favorite vibration plate
exercises okay I really like these I
don't see the vibration plate as a
standalone piece of equipment way in
which you can do a whole full body
workout I see it as a supplement to your
training so if you finish up a great
workout for example leg workout you can
finish up with the vibration plate and
really maximize your workout okay the
first one we're going to do is the
regular squat so you can do this with or
without a weight so we're here you can
hold away you can just do a body weight
right here try not to hold on to the
vibration click so right here you just
hold it make sure your knees stay behind
your toes and just hold it right here
okay normally I do my sets about sixty
seconds each second exercise is lunch so
you put your foot one foot on the
outside you can grab a weight and you
come here again
there's your knee is about right above
your ankle and you hold with or without
what saved in the other side make sure
your foot is on the outside of the plate
for a maximum vibration
right here okay third exercise will do
push-up so you can either hold on the
outside or you can put your hands up for
a push-up I normally like to lower the
frequency then you can do push-up can
grab the sides can also push your head
to the sides depending on which model
you have right here okay fourth exercise
we do dips can straighten up your legs
always try to keep some kind of angle in
your joint otherwise the vibration goes
into the joint but make it easier can
bend your knees right here finally last
two are both corpse size Twitter feed me
outside of the plate right here you have
a lot of variation can just hold on your
hands wave forms can raise one leg and
switch whatever you have to can also put
Pete one foot on and work obliques right
here you can do any type of variation
you want last one we're going on
full-body setup position so right here
there's no contact just holding my
weight back as far as I can in the
vibration makes it harder on the core